Once upon a time
Amberlene Labrette had always loved Verdant San Fransisco with its thundering, tough trees. It was a place where she felt happy.
She was a dedicated, funny, squash drinker with pretty legs and dirty fingers. Her friends saw her as an abundant, aggressive angel. Once, she had even helped a zesty puppy recover from a flying accident. That's the sort of woman he was.
Amberlene walked over to the window and reflected on her Mysterious surroundings. The moon shone like sleeping snakes.
Then she saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of David Sorien. David was an interested do gooder with slimy legs and tall fingers.
Amberlene gulped. She was not prepared for David.
As Amberlene stepped outside and David came closer, she could see the high-pitched smile on his face.
David gazed with the affection of 4352 serious mouldy monkeys. He said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want love, respect, admiration, devotion, fidelity."
Amberlene looked back, even more excited and still fingering the smooth rock. "David, i love you," she replied.
They looked at each other with content feelings, like two purple, plain puppies laughing at a very political holiday, which had drum and bass music playing in the background and two chill uncles cooking to the beat.
Amberlene regarded David's slimy legs and tall fingers. "I feel the same way!" revealed Amberlene with a delighted grin.
David looked loving, his emotions blushing like a skinny, striped sandwich
Then David came inside for a nice beaker of squash.

Though the squash was nice, it was orange squash, and David preferred lemon.
He resolved to pick-up a packet of lemon squash powder, next time he was down the shops.
Amberlene had, by now, joined David inside, rinsed-out one of the less grubby tea mugs piled
near the sink, and poured herself some of the squash, as well.
They glanced at each other, glanced downward at their drinks, then at random objects in the room.
Awkwardness had set in. A small red squirrel on a tree branch outside the window peered at them
intently, as if waiting in anticipation for one of them to make a move. The squirrel ended-up
waiting quite a while. Eventually the phone rang. Amberlene lifted the receiver, and a brusque
voice asked for Alfred. When she told him there was no Alfred present, he rang-off abruptly.
Moments passed. The phone rang again, and David dropped the receiver in the goldfish bowl.
"We could watch the telly . . ." he offered. She assented, and he switched-on the small
black and white CRT set from approximately 1972. Channel 4 was showing a short, Absurdist
claymation film made by Jan Švankmajer. They switched the station to nature program showing
a bunch of hyenas gleaning the remnants of a gazelle carcass. They switched again, and found
news, at which point they switched the set off entirely. Amberlene mused that it was odd they
could be in both San Francisco and a small village in the northeastern part of southeastern
England at the same time. David said it was odd, yes, but highly convenient. The conversation
ground to a halt again, at which point the town air raid siren went off, David woke up from his nightmare. 
He walked over to the window and reflected on his idyllic surroundings. He had always loved sunny Madrid with its chilly, 
cold cliffs. It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel irritable. Then he saw something in the distance, or rather 
someone. It was the figure of Amberlene. David gulped. He glanced at his own reflection. He was a peculiar, lovable, but his 
friends saw him as a burnt, bored brute. Once, he had even made a cup of tea for Amerlene but in his dreams. But not even a 
peculiar person who had once made a cup of tea in their dreams, was prepared for what Amberlene had in store today. Daivd was a 
little to scared to go out so he dicede to sleep some more and dream,and they all lived happily ever after!
